Added Documents for kubernetes.io/enforce-mountable-secrets. (#31864)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints.md

This annotation is used for describing specific behaviour of given object.

## kubernetes.io/enforce-mountable-secrets {#enforce-mountable-secrets}

> Example: `kubernetes.io/enforce-mountable-secrets: "true"`

Reviewer: nit: Should the value use double quotes? Instead:
Example: `kubernetes.io/enforce-mountable-secrets: true`

Reviewer 2: Maybe, maybe not. The keys and values of annotations must be strings. If the double quotes are omitted, k8s may treat this as a boolean? Not sure.

Reviewer 3: value should be double quoted as a string

Reviewer: 👍

Used on: ServiceAccount

> The value for this annotation must be **true** to take effect. This annotation indicates that a ServiceAccount should enforce mountable secrets. This field should not be used to find auto-generated service account token secrets for use outside of pods.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The value for this annotation must be **true** to take effect.
This annotation indicates that pods running as this service account may only reference
Secret API objects specified in the service account's `secrets` field.
```

Author: Thanks, @liggitt for taking look at this.
this seems good, I will change it according to your suggestion.

Author: Hi @liggitt
I have addressed the comment, PTAL!

Thanks!
